# CS-305
Work from the SNHU course CS-305: Software Security

In this project the client was Artemis Financial, a financial consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for savings, retirement, investments, and insurance for their customers. They wanted to ensure the protection of their clients' data and financial information through the implementation of the most current and effective software security techniques. When approaching the process of adding layers of security to this software application, I began by generating a self-signed certificate that allowed the program to utilize HTTPS. The next step was to implement the hash function and verify that it was functioning properly by generating a checksum. Finally, I checked to make sure that the changes that I made to the system did not introduce any new vulnerabilities through a dependency check. All of these things add to the company’s overall well being as they greatly improve their level of security and greatly reduce their risk for financial loss through cyber attacks.

While working on this project, the biggest struggle that I had was generating the self-signed certificate. I had never used command prompt before in any meaningful way so it took me a little while to figure out the syntax and everything (it didn't help that I was initially using Windows PowerShell). I then ended up having to generate a certificate using a different algorithm than I had done in a previous assignment so that also took a bit of messing around.
